Clarify perf implication in WASM debug note (#19477)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/debug.md

1. Press <kbd>F5</kbd> to run the app in the debugger.

   > [!NOTE]

>    > **Start Without Debugging** (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>F5</kbd>) isn't supported. When the app is run in the Development environment, debugging overhead always results in a small performance reduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **Start Without Debugging** (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>F5</kbd>) isn't supported. When the app is run in Debug mode, debugging overhead always results in a small performance reduction.
```
